G6: Hello. Hello.
G6: Hi.
Hi.
G6: This French. This is Dr Hofer, how are you. Hi.
Michael Hoefer: I'm doing pretty well. How are you doing,
G6: Oh, I could be better. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Well hopefully I can help with that. Or we can help with that.
G6: Okay, so my name is Dr Hofer I am a psychiatrist working for bright heart health, and I'll be doing today.
G6: Okay, and we have about 3040 minutes where I'm going to be asking you about your opiate use but also your history medical history psychiatric history things. Okay, and then we'll come up with a plan after that. OK. OK, so
Michael Hoefer: The first question I'd like to ask you is, how did you hear about our program.
G6: I was just on the internet, trying to find somebody who prescribe Suboxone try to get a same day appointment around here in my area. It's like next to impossible. Yeah. Okay, great. And
What is
What's bringing you into treatment or what's yeah what's motivating you to come into the treatment today.
G6: Well, I had, I had a bad accident and was on painkillers for like four years before workman's comp located a surgery. Okay. I was fine after the surgery and I stayed on the Suboxone but when I went to the Kaiser, they took me off of it.
G6: And just never was quite the same.
G6: I also was on
G6: I forget what they call it.
G6: Tell us the name of that.
G6: I don't remember some kind of it helped me sleep at night and cause a pan and but Kaiser doesn't prescribe any of that. I mean, you have to be totally wacko to get that one.
G6: So, you know, I just forgot about it and I was okay but then Things just got really rough different things and I you know what to compel here and there. And then next thing I know, I'm right back to where I started.
G6: And so, and it helps us depression. A little bit, yes. Yeah, a lot of it really does will find that, yeah. So what was just, you know, starting to get from the beginning. When was your accident that you had. And what was the accident. It was about eight years ago now.
G6: Was it a car or eight years ago. Oh, the accident. No, I fell in on a
G6: At work on what tile hit my head on a wrought iron fence to them back down again.
G6: And it caused a really huge disconnect laid on a nerve.
G6: Okay. And so, and I have a little nerve damage of my leg. But, you know,
G6: You can deal with that, you know, gotcha. It's just that sometimes you feel like I'm tired of being tired and hurting and
G6: When I have the Suboxone it just seems to make everything. Okay, gotcha. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: So, and before your accident. Have you ever used opiates before
G6: You ever been on Oprah. I don't even know what they were. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Somebody who use heroin back in the
G6: Said, oh my god, no. I say that a needle.
Michael Hoefer: And then after your accident, you're on probably oxy code on our hydrocodone or something for for
G6: They kept me on
G6: Norco was what it said on the bottle and
G6: And then they took that you know took that away and I was supposed to go to pain management and
G6: That's when I got to the one doctor who was prescribing me Suboxone Dr. Greenberg over in
G6: Libya in California, but
G6: When I came back from Kaiser, I couldn't get back in to see him.
G6: And how mom. Oh, that's too bad.
Michael Hoefer: How long were you
G6: And there's not that many doctors that have that. What do you call it that certification to prescribe it. Yeah, that's true.
Michael Hoefer: How long were you on Suboxone for at
G6: Least a year.
G6: And I really would have to take it every day. You know, and I mean it wasn't even something I had to have every day, just once in a while where you get the NX and I'd take, you know, sometimes I didn't even break the film and half because I take an eight milligram film.
G6: Or they used to start out with pills actually and I break it in half and that was fine. And then when I went off of it. I was fine, you know, was like, I went with through withdrawals from that or anything.
G6: But
G6: Like I said, like an idiot. I had some problems. Towards the end of last year, and I took a pill here and there. And the next thing you know,
Michael Hoefer: And the pills you started. So, so the pills you started taking at the end of next year and sounds like in response to the stressors, you had in your life. Has it gotten to the point where you now have like a habit like you go into withdrawal. If you don't have bills to you.
G6: Yeah, yeah. Okay, and what have you been back to where you know I'm getting leg cramps sick to my stomach. I want to just lay there. I feel like I'm dying. My skin is crawling.
Michael Hoefer: And will kind of pills. Have you been taking light in the last few weeks.
G6: But just a narco Norco okay
Michael Hoefer: And you buy them from friends or buy them from people who deal them.
G6: Actually, I had some leftover and
G6: Then I had a friend who loaned me a few, but yeah. Okay. And have you know i'm not wanting to go run the street.
Michael Hoefer: Okay, so you're not down and wherever it is in LA.
G6: Oh no, I like that kind of a chicken. Okay.
G6: Have you ever actually I don't even know where to start.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. Have you ever, like crushed up the pills.
G6: Like to know or eating snorted.
Michael Hoefer: Next them in water, nothing like that. No. Okay. Have you ever had anything like an overdose on them know. Okay. And these are just questions. I need to ask, you know, they may not
Michael Hoefer: Know, have you ever injected any drugs in your life.
G6: Oh god, no. No. What
Michael Hoefer: What are the negative ways that that the opiates have affected your life do you feel like
G6: That well when you when you still addicted to it to where you want it in the morning, so that you feel okay and don't have that icky feeling, you know, you just don't do the things you should be doing, you know, I have a husband and
G6: Well, right now for dogs and two cats and my sister lives with me. And you know, I tried to keep a house going and
G6: babysit grandchildren and
Michael Hoefer: It's just hard to do. You got a full play. That's a lot of stuff.
G6: Yeah, the house is kind of a circus.
Michael Hoefer: And you're down in lawn Dale California that
G6: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And
Michael Hoefer: You know, do you have you ever had any legal issues from the opiates. Have you ever had any physical or mental problems that came from your own plants you feel like you feel like it feeds into
G6: Bars wanting them. Yeah, you know, but now
G6: Not like I've been pulled over with, you know,
G6: Has been yelled at me what that was about it. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah. Has anybody in your family expressed concern over your opiate use, and if so, what are they kind of, what did they said
G6: My husband. Yeah. What is the, what is his concerns or what. Is he sad about it. Well, he doesn't think you should as so much as take an aspirin. So he's that type
G6: You know you don't take anything. I mean, he had his nose broken the hospital and took like three painkillers. The whole time I was like oh my god I would have went through the bottle.
G6: So it's just the way he years
G6: So for him, just said he was, you know, he's angry, but he was trying to be helpful.
Michael Hoefer: So him seeing you take, you know, any med it's concerning for him, especially like an opiate
G6: Yeah, he don't like it. Yeah. Gotcha.
Michael Hoefer: And have you ever you know used any other substances in your life like cocaine or math or
G6: May. Okay. When I was in my 20s once in a while like once every third month I may have a line at a party that was back in the 80s.
G6: Cocaine, but no heroin, nothing like that.
G6: No matter what
G6: I am going on to the code part. It was like you got drunk and needed to come back up.
G6: So yeah, even you out. Drink longer yeah I don't drink, though.
Michael Hoefer: Okay.
G6: I mean in 25 years I don't drink. Great.
Michael Hoefer: Did you ever have any concerns over your drinking
G6: Oh god, no. I was the type who would drink once a year and be hung over for a week and never touch it again for another year. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: How about marijuana use marijuana
G6: No. Okay, I have before in the past.
Michael Hoefer: But right now, you're not using
G6: Know marijuana or CBD or. Let's see. Oh CBD. I have to admit, my husband has a bottle of that oil for back pain.
G6: He's getting ready to have a shoulder surgery. So, um,
G6: Yeah, he has a bottle of that. But he bought it legally doesn't help. He loves him yeah he thinks it's great.
Michael Hoefer: Great. Yeah, there's a lot of people who said they find it helpful. Do you use a use tobacco it all smoke cigarettes or
G6: Do I smoke cigarettes. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. How much do you smoke.
G6: At least a half a pack a day.
Michael Hoefer: And how do you feel about your smoking.
G6: It's horrible, but I know I'm probably never going to stop. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: You said resigned to that.
G6: Yeah, I tried before. And let me tell you she's not very nice.
Michael Hoefer: She's laughing when she
G6: Turned into a total bitch, yes. And it's just something that makes me crazy and I kind of look at it like you know everybody's got advice. My husband goes out drink them and I don't know.
G6: How much longer, but he's got something. And that's the thing that yeah something another back that's mine when I can deal with
Michael Hoefer: Have you ever tried champix before
G6: You know what I did and it actually works very, very well except for like the first week or so.
G6: And then after that it starts giving me horrible nightmares any vivid vivid nightmares.
G6: Did you ever tried to name dose. Did you ever tried to take a loading dose and not an evening dose. No, no, no one who suggested it yeah that's sometimes works.
Michael Hoefer: For people because the vivid dreams is the common thing. And sometimes if you just lower the nighttime dose or just take the morning dose it they go away. Interestingly,
G6: I would try that again. Because like you said the first couple weeks I was on Chantix I realized it had been like four or five hours. I hadn't even thought about a cigarette, and that's a miracle for me.
G6: Yeah, it's a pretty amazing drug sorry drugs, it's, it's the, it's the one that by far works the best.
Michael Hoefer: And it has kind of a similar mechanism actually to Suboxone so it's a very similar medication just working on nicotine addiction as opposed to opiate
Michael Hoefer: So it's okay it's, it's, but that's up, you know, to discuss, we can discuss down the line, but um
G6: Yeah, don't get info to know
Michael Hoefer: Have you ever taken methadone before
G6: Or Naltrexone nothing like that. It really sounded like somebody who did heroin.
Michael Hoefer: Usually. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: Classically, that is the case. Yeah.
G6: Yeah, I was like, well, we ain't get No, I've never touched
G6: I don't know what makes me think I'm better just because they take a pill instead of something else. Yeah. A drugs or drug that's true. Have you
Michael Hoefer: And how about you know mental health issues. Do you feel like you know sounds like depression is something you struggle with. Can you tell me about you know what you like and how bad it gets
G6: It just gets bad. I have a very I've been married for 37 years and sorry
G6: To the doctor.
G6: Been married 37 years is very, very hard headed very controlling man, let me say he wants to control everything and his whole life, including me. Yeah. And he gets he drinks quite a bit.
G6: And I hate alcohol because my father was an alcoholic and I just don't want it in my life. Yeah. And that causes problems.
G6: Because he's an idiot. And he drinks and he drives
Michael Hoefer: Have you ever gotten a DUI.
G6: Nobody came close. He was handcuffed in the back of a cop car, and if it hadn't been for the then getting a bigger deal on the line, either been in jail. They called me to come pick them up. Gotcha. Course he split before I got there.
G6: Late for but I'm not
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, that's it's really hard when you've had a parent or or a family member that there's an alcoholic. It's really hard to be around.
G6: It isn't handle the stupidity, the talking. It's just like, shut up. Yeah, it does cause problems. Yeah, I'm having that kind of stress in relationship and I got a stressful situation with a son, and it's just
Michael Hoefer: Yeah.
G6: What's interesting here is your son have
Michael Hoefer: Is your son struggling with substance use, or mental health.
G6: I think my son has a drinking problem.
G6: He won't admit it, but I think he has a very severe so drinking problem again.
G6: But, you know, to have. It's all in my head.
G6: And for a person that because it gets so
Michael Hoefer: Bad that you ever feel hopeless or worthless or
G6: You know,
Michael Hoefer: Build a in bed or how bad is it good.
G6: Sometimes I feel like I don't want to get up because I'm tired of dealing with everybody else's problem. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: It'd be easier if you could just stay in bed or be easier if you didn't wake up or be easier if not
G6: easier if I didn't wake up just easier if I just stayed in bed and had my little TV and watch my took care of my little animals.
G6: But
G6: I have to get up and I have to cook dinner and we have to clean the house and I have to take care of the yards and wash the cars and all that kind of stuff. You can't leave that
G6: Have you ever felt suicidal before or have you ever had a suicide attempt. Oh, I've never thought of that. I'm kind of believe it or not, with my condition I am religious and I believe that the Lord, and I would never do that. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And have you ever you know taking medications for depression or gone to therapy or been treated for depression.
G6: At the very beginning when they took me off of
G6: Pain medication. The doctor put me on antidepressants. It made it twice as worse. What did you take
G6: I have no idea. Now, it was so difficult, but whatever it was, it was like, I'm not touching this stuff ever again. It actually made the thoughts in your head just weird to where they weren't there before gotcha anime. So I don't want to touch him. Like I said, I had that
G6: Closet pan, a kind of calmed me down and help me sleep because sleeping is not something that comes easy to me I lay there and toss and turn four hours before I fall asleep, and then I only stay asleep for a few hours wake, back up, back to bed wake back up, go back to bed.
G6: So, that was nice, but
Michael Hoefer: Gotcha. So you only try you try the one and a depressant, and made things worse. And you, and you've stopped after that that
G6: Yeah, I guess I don't want to take any of this stuff anymore because you ever tried cycling. Did you ever try like counselor or psychotherapy or anything like that. No, no, I, I did go to a counselor for a little while, but I just
G6: Want to once we're talking. I'm surprised, she's talking to you like this. You have shot.
Michael Hoefer: Oh boy, I feel honored that you're
G6: My doctor sending me to a psychiatrist.
G6: And I go, this Thursday, but I don't know. Gotcha. Well, that's good. I mean,
Michael Hoefer: I'm a psychiatrist and hopefully keep an open mind and hopefully you know it goes okay
G6: You still sell me your kind
Michael Hoefer: Of dark and you have a. All I can see is a cigarette right now.
G6: Everybody knows I take pills. What's a cigarette.
G6: Anyway, so, I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Michael Hoefer: So, all right. So you're gonna see a psychiatrist this Thursday, and we'll see how that goes. And
G6: And
Michael Hoefer: And you did a little bit of therapy. Did you and your husband ever do couples therapy.
G6: I know, but we should have. Gotcha.
And
Michael Hoefer: Let's see, how about you know
Michael Hoefer: Other duties psychiatric issues run in your family like. Has anybody ever been in the psychiatric hospital or had schizophrenia.
G6: Or both asked my dad, my husband, they're all crazy, but I'm technically the only person who is
G6: Crazy was my uncle or not crazy. But, you know, had problems. It was crazy. Um, but that was from the war, from what I understand. Yeah, just like PTSD or some trust. So yeah, there is some depression in our family depression trauma stuff.
G6: Yeah, and
Michael Hoefer: How about you have you have you had any kind of you know that that you have to tell me in detail, but have you suffered like serious traumas in your life that you have kind of dreams about or intrusive thoughts about or things like that.
G6: So there's a few yeah yeah
G6: Yeah the biggest one is my husband had an affair. Gotcha. Yeah. When we were 16 years buried and I can't get over it, even though I don't say anything. I still fall apart. Yeah, that's a really
G6: He chose somebody else over me. So it doesn't go away.
Sure.
Michael Hoefer: So how long so 16 marriages. So that was about 21 years ago that you found
G6: You think I'd be or it
G6: Will say things. Some things you don't get over you know i think that's that can be one of them know, hey,
Michael Hoefer: It was hard. Guys, do you guys decided to stay together.
G6: Yes, Dr. Leaving your tool.
Michael Hoefer: Hi.
G6: Well, please.
Hi.
Michael Hoefer: So, um,
Michael Hoefer: So you guys decided to stay together for the kids or what was the
G6: What was the discussion about that or are you free time, we were kids were young, or just starting to be teenagers.
G6: I don't know, I just remember. Finally, telling him I can't take all these lies. You're telling me and everything that you're telling me I know is a lie in
G6: Paris. You're gone for three days. You know, I said you leaving the kids at home when I get home from work or at home by themselves at 11 o'clock. Yeah, I can't do this anymore. I just can't do it. And I just
G6: Laid in there, my bedroom and prayed couldn't get back out of bed and finally
G6: I think it was Lord because my girlfriend gold and we'll figure what's wrong. She was I'm coming over. And I said, no, I can't talk.
G6: And she has been praying and then my pastor called and he said, Well, okay, if you won't let me come over and pray and then about a half hour later, I was unable to uncurled regionally. My kids out with Dan watch TV play with them.
G6: And that's when I just went, you have to do it, you have to do to not the quality my kids because you
Michael Hoefer: So that
G6: ended after that point and then I told them that and then that's when he
G6: decided he was going to stay
G6: And then he told me the truth. The next morning.
G6: So, you know, yeah.
G6: Like, I didn't know
Michael Hoefer: That sounds like, yeah, you do. And it was just and have you guys ever talked about. Do you think he's you think he would ever go to to couples therapy or do you think
G6: He wouldn't know. Yeah, so it'd be more you more these things at this point he fills. Why the hell would you talk about something from 20 some years ago. If you're not over it by now. That's your problem.
G6: Yeah, I know.
Michael Hoefer: So the therapy and sounds like it'll be more something that you'll do for yourself on your own and
Yeah, go ahead with
G6: It still can bring me to my knees.
Michael Hoefer: Um,
Michael Hoefer: How about switching topics a little bit, just a medical issue.
G6: Okay, sorry.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, no problem. And
Michael Hoefer: Do you mind telling me a little bit about your medical issues. If you have any
Issue in your neck.
G6: Um, I don't really have any issues anymore. You know, I've been
G6: After I got off the pills and all that, when they did the surgery and got that thing off my nerve and replaced it. I started walking and know and things like that, trying to get the back stronger and
G6: Just doing things like that. So you take my belt you have that many problems anymore unless I overdo it. Gotcha. Do you take any medications at all. I take aspirin. You know, like Advil
G6: But nothing for like
G6: I'm not taking taking something heavy duty.
Michael Hoefer: If you're gonna go light, the
Michael Hoefer: How about diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol.
G6: I do have high cholesterol.
G6: And, um, I was on medication and I, but I didn't take medication at first because I didn't want to. I don't know why.
G6: Take everything else. I don't know why they want to take that. But anyways, I didn't take it and I brought it down 100 points just from walking and eating and everything.
G6: And so I thought, well, if I could do it 100 points on my own. I can imagine what could happen if I took the medication. So I started taking the medication with the walking in the Everything but now I need to go have all my blood read done
Michael Hoefer: Any allergies to any medications that you know. No, nothing like that.
Michael Hoefer: And you said family history, at least you know father alcohol problems son alcohol problems, uncle, you know, mental health issues. Anybody else without it with addiction or psychiatric issues in your immediate family.
G6: Well, now they're all old no
G6: Got it all together since they're ready to crow, but
G6: You know,
G6: Yeah, my family was not the straightest or, you know, I had maybe one or two sisters that didn't do anything. They were gonna be good shoes as all as far as we know.
G6: What people tell you how they look, or two different things.
Michael Hoefer: Is
Michael Hoefer: Just my background. Where were you born and where'd you grow up, mostly
G6: Straight Out of Compton.
G6: Straight out of college.
G6: No joke, either.
G6: Did you go right here in Compton. And I've learned one bill, most of my life. Okay, gotcha. I went to LA know. Hi. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And did you
Michael Hoefer: And then how far along. Did you be there. Yeah, I'm here. Can you hear me. Hello, yes. Hi Lucy do
G6: Okay. Sometimes my phone gives out from the house. So I'm gonna walk outside. Okay.
G6: In there, yes.
Michael Hoefer: How long did you go in school.
G6: Hello.
Michael Hoefer: Yes. Hi. Can you hear me.
Man.
Michael Hoefer: Hello. Come on.
Michael Hoefer: I'm still here.
Hello.
Michael Hoefer: Hello.
G6: Can you hear me.
Michael Hoefer: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
G6: I can't hear you.
Michael Hoefer: Hello, hello, hello, hello.
G6: I don't know what to do.
Michael Hoefer: Yeah, it seemed like we had better connection in that first room, but then it cut out. Do you have like Wi Fi or anything.
G6: I can barely hear you.
Michael Hoefer: Do you have Wi Fi or something you can connect to.
G6: It if
Michael Hoefer: You want to say something. So I can listen to the speaker.
Michael Hoefer: Sure. Hi.
Michael Hoefer: You have Wi Fi or can you use your sister's phone or is there some way
To we could try to connect through either Wi Fi or your sisters phone or somebody else's phone
G6: Yes. Oh, thank god my phone by my house for some reason goes crazy. Okay, so I'm gonna just
G6: Because we got just can you just a couple more questions. Okay.
G6: Okay.
Michael Hoefer: All right. How far did you go in school.
G6: 12th grade, okay.
Michael Hoefer: What, what did you do, if anything for work mostly as far as your career.
G6: Oh, I worked for a company, since I was 14 till I was almost 30 called tam Stationers. Okay, cool. And so I stayed with the same company for a long time. Gotcha. How many kids do you have to do. Okay.
And
Michael Hoefer: Any marriages, other than the 37 year one.
G6: No 16 at the time. Okay. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: All right, well, I think those are the main questions. I need to ask you.
G6: Is there anything
Michael Hoefer: That I forgot to ask or anything else. You feel like I need to know
G6: No, I just really want to get some Suboxone and feel better.
Michael Hoefer: Sure. So I can. Good news is I can put it a prescription for Suboxone as soon as we get off the line so
Michael Hoefer: Okay, so what I can do is, I'm right now I'm doing the intakes for bright heart. So what I'll do is I can give you a week supply Suboxone and that our care coordinator will
Michael Hoefer: Call under borrow and you'll get hooked up with a care coordinator, like a therapist going on on from here and a physician who will see you. It's, it's in groups over your phone, usually about once a week, starting
G6: Okay. And, um, and
Michael Hoefer: We will end and Suboxone it sound like all right you for eight milligrams per day and you figure out
Michael Hoefer: How much you need to take, you know,
G6: Okay.
Michael Hoefer: When was the last time you had any Norco what what time
G6: Narcos about three days. Okay great two days. Yeah.
G6: Two, three days.
Michael Hoefer: So you're fine. You can take the Suboxone right away.
G6: Okay.
Michael Hoefer: Let's take a look. I put it in the electronic prescription and I just want to double check the pharmacy. I have for you is correct.
G6: Well, I had the South Bay pharmacy on there, but they close it six. Okay, so there's no way to get to them, but there is a CVS and long tail.
G6: Manhattan Beach Boulevard. All right, let me see, I have the phone number inside
Michael Hoefer: Well, I'm gonna I'm gonna try to put it in the electronic
G6: Meds here. So let me see if I can just find it here.
Michael Hoefer: Okay. And do you want the
Michael Hoefer: Do you like the tablets or the film better
G6: Either one, and it doesn't really matter. You can choose if you have a preference if
Michael Hoefer: Not I'll just give you the film because that's what I usually give people
G6: The sale sign
Michael Hoefer: Some people that feel like it. It dissolves faster and and you know the sale. Yeah.
Michael Hoefer: And then you don't you know for pain. Take you can take it once a day, or you can break it up and take it, you know, half in the morning, half in the evening.
G6: Right. You know what works, right.
And
Michael Hoefer: And when was the last time you had any Suboxone woman's it was it like in the fall, or the summer or longer than that.
G6: I'm sorry, what
Michael Hoefer: The last time you had
G6: Any I didn't hear you. The last time you had any so far it's been a while.
G6: Like a year, or it's been a while.
G6: A more than a few months. Okay.
Michael Hoefer: And the name of the pharmacy. We're gonna try, you said is CVS.
G6: Or what was CVS and lawn del in London. Let's see what comes on 157 Manhattan Beach Boulevard.
Michael Hoefer: 157180 Wait what I have here is 14310 Hawthorne 15718 author and 151571815718 Hawthorne Boulevard.
G6: Yeah. Okay, put that in.
Okay. The we should be set.
G6: Okay, got a I really appreciate you get me in so late. Thank you.
Michael Hoefer: Oh, absolutely.
G6: It's really nice another night doesn't seem like long, but it is when you're filling out like this.
Michael Hoefer: Oh, I know it's important to get trying to get at rapid access so
Michael Hoefer: It was really nice meeting you.
G6: And I we
Michael Hoefer: Fail to look in our program and
G6: I'm not finished putting that prescription and now and then.
Michael Hoefer: Like I said someone from our team will reach out to you tomorrow or the next day. Okay.
G6: Okay, thank you so much.
G6: All right. Sure. Take care. Take care. Bye bye.